= Wiskey

Set of low level css features without any solid css.


= Requirements

Rails 3.1+ with sass and sass-rails gems

= Installing

  gem 'wiskey'

For rails 3.1+ it's easy: just require gem in your ```Gemfile```

For another framework (or without any framework) you should copy app/assets/stylesheets folder to your sass folder.

= Usage

Import wiskey at the beginning of application.css.scss

  @import "wiskey";

All requirements underneath wiskey will have the cool wiskey features.

Sprockets provides some directives that are placed inside of comments called require,
require_tree, and require_self. DO NOT USE THEM IN YOUR SASS/SCSS FILES. They are very
primitive and do not work well with Sass files. Instead, use Sass's native @import directive
which sass-rails has customized to integrate with the conventions of your rails projects.


= Rails 2.3 or a non-Rails project (static site, jekyll, wordpress, etc...)
Wiskey includes an easy way to generate a directory with all the necessary files.
Install the wiskey gem:

    gem install wiskey

Change the directory to where you want to generate the wiskey folder and files:

    cd project_name/stylesheets/sass/

Install wiskey:

    bundle exec wiskey install

This will generate a folder called `wiskey` containing all the mixins and other necessary wiskey files. It is recommended not to add or modify the files so that you can update it easily.

Update an existing installation with:

    bundle exec wiskey update

This will delete the 'wiskey' directory and regenerate it.

*Sass Watch:* To output properly, Wiskey must be explicitly required (`-r`) by Sass at the command line:

    # Example (project root directory)
    sass --watch stylesheets/sass:stylesheets -r ./stylesheets/sass/wiskey/lib/wiskey.rb

For the Jekyll just add requirement into 'sass_converter.rb'

    require 'wiskey'


You will need to import the mixins at the beginning of your stylesheet(s):

    @import 'wiskey/wiskey';

= Thanks

For Thoughtbots and theys bourbon gem.


= License

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
